Mongo DB insert commands:

db.tasks.insert({name: "First Task"});
...
db.tasks.insert({name: "Fith Task"});


If need to insert the date of some task:
db.tasks.insert({name : "First Task", data : new Date()});

If need take a look in all registers in MongoDB:
db.Tasks.find({});

Remove autopublish from block edit client-side console:
meteor remove autopublish

...if need reinstall: 
meteor add mdg:autopublish


Adding Some Plugins:

-> For Layout:
meteor add mrt: bootstrap-3
meteor add alexwine:bootstrap-4 - (remove because of cause conflicts)

-> For Dates:
meteor add momentjs:moment - (for dates layout)

-> Choice from Login:
meteor add stylus - (for login plugin dependency)
meteor add accounts-base - (plugin for login accounts)
meteor add accounts-password - (plugin for login accounts password)
meteor add ian:accounts-ui-bootstrap-3 - (design from submenu login)


Some observations:

I don't upload Application from Meteor Site because now that is necessary pay for that (Galaxy).

MongoDB Base doesn't work with NFS Partition - I observe that and see this problem because I use Linux (Debian) on my personal computer. So my second partition is in NFS format. 
To solve this problem, I put the repository in my first partition Ext4 and I deleted  ".meteor/local/db/mongod.lock" on my project. 

First I need to stop MongoDB Service because meteor reset erases everything in your local database when this service is Up. 

I wanna install two packages from bootstrap because the version 4 is more amazing and modern. But because that I have a lot of visual conflicts. And because that I remove Bootstrap 4. 
The decision is because the version 4 package used an old version of Alpha Bootstrap. Because my short time to show this job I decide used the old version because in meteor packages
they have the last version of bootstrap-3, stable and secure.  With more time and research

Observe some bugs using plugins. In plugins to make account controller and style. Be necessary install first the plugin stylus and after that install the others
to get the correct engine an application. 
